Caleb Eades and Christian Guerrero
VPool final project
Kuenning
CS 5 Black
15 December, 2012


Description:
	In this VPython version of pool, we sought to create a highly realistic 
representation of a standard pool game.  While this was successful in many 
areas, there were some where the game is amiss.  Most noticeably, the pockets 
are not sunk into the table but rather are quarter and half circles on the table 
for corner and side pockets, respectively.  Another flaw is that sometimes two 
balls get stuck together on the break shot, but after they are hit again, they 
appear to never stick together again (this could be a "feature").  Also, the 
first player doesn't lose if they scratch on the break shot and balls are not 
quite properly arranged when taken out after a player scratches and hits them 
in on the same turn (although all balls of that player's color that were hit in 
on the turn are indeed taken out).  Yet another "feature" of the game is that 
you can hit balls behind the second side dot on a shot where you get to set the 
position of the cue ball, but the position of the cue ball must be within the 
first two side dots and not where another ball already is.  One last "feature" 
is that you don't have to call the pocket for the eight ball shot and if you 
scratch on the eight ball shot, you don't lose.
	This a two-player game with players 1 and 2 who take turns shooting in 
a standard 15-ball pool game.
	There are also two totally awesome special modes that can be played in
if chosen at the start of the game.


Objectives:
	The objective of the game is to hit all of your balls (red or blue) in 
and then hit the eight ball in in order to win.  If you hit the eight ball in, 
however, without all your balls in, then you lose.  After the first ball is hit 
in, a screen pops up that states the color of each player.


Instructions:
	Rotate the view at any time by right-clicking and dragging across the 
mousepad.
	At the start (and after any subsequent scratch), set the position of 
the cue ball with the directional keys and press "s" to set this.
	After the screen with the player's turn pops up, rotate the cue stick 
with "c" and "v" for small rotations and "f" and "g" for large rotations.  Once 
again, set this angle with "s".
	After setting the angle, increase the power with "m" up to five times.  
Decrease the power with "l".  Set this power with the "s" key.  Note that if no 
power is selected, then it will automatically become level one.
	If a ball of your color is hit in, then you shot again (provided you 
didn't scratch).  Otherwise, it is the other player's turn, except in cases 
regarding the eight ball being hit in.